[DOCS] Updates to detection permissions (#1481)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/detections-req.asciidoc

NOTE: For instructions about using Machine Learning jobs and rules, refer to <<ml-requirements, Machine learning job and rule requirements>>.

> IMPORTANT: In {stack} version 8.0.0, the `.siem-signals-*` index has been renamed to `.alerts-security.alerts-*`. If you are upgrading to 8.0.0, it is recommended that users have privileges to both indices. If you are newly installing the {stack}, then users do not need privileges to the `.siem-signals-*` index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: In {stack} version 8.0.0, the `.siem-signals-<kib-space>` index has been renamed to `.alerts-security.alerts-<kib-space>`. If you are upgrading to 8.0.0, it is recommended that users have privileges to both indices. If you are newly installing the {stack}, then users do not need privileges to the `.siem-signals-<kib-space>` index.
```

a|The `manage`, `write`,`read`, and `view_index_metadata` index privileges for the following system indices where `<kib-space>` is the {kib} space name:

* `.alerts-security.alerts-<kib-space>`
* `.siem-signals-<kib-space>`
* `.lists-<kib-space>`
* `.items-<kib-space>`

> *NOTE*: If you are upgrading to {stack} 8.0.0, it is recommended that users have privileges to the `.alerts-security.alerts-<kib-space>` AND `.siem-signals-*` index. If you are newly installing the {stack}, then users do not need privileges to the `.siem-signals-*` index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*NOTE*: If you are upgrading to {stack} 8.0.0, it is recommended that users have privileges to the `.alerts-security.alerts-<kib-space>` AND `.siem-signals-<kib-space>` index. If you are newly installing the {stack}, then users do not need privileges to the `.siem-signals-<kib-space>` index.
```

|{kib} space `All` privileges for the `Security` feature (visit
{kibana-ref}/xpack-spaces.html#spaces-control-user-access[Feature access based on user privileges])

|Enable the Detections feature in all Kibana spaces

*NOTE*: To turn on the Detections feature, visit the Detections page for each appropriate Kibana space.

|The `manage` privilege
a|The `manage`, `write`,`read`, and `view_index_metadata` index privileges for the following system indices:

* `.alerts-security.alerts-*`
* `.siem-signals-*`
* `.lists-*`
* `.items-*`

*NOTE*: If you upgrading to {stack} 8.0.0, it is recommended that users have privileges to the `.alerts-security.alerts-<kib-space>` AND `.siem-signals-*` index. If you are newly installing the {stack}, then users do not need privileges to the `.siem-signals-*` index.

|{kib} space `All` privileges for the `Security` feature (visit
{kibana-ref}/xpack-spaces.html#spaces-control-user-access[Feature access based on user privileges])

| Preview rules
|N/A

> a| The `read` privilege to the `.preview.alerts-security.alerts-<kib-space>` index

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a| The `read` privilege for the `.preview.alerts-security.alerts-<kib-space>` index
```
I see both "privileges for" and "privileges to" throughout this page, but since we use "privileges for" in the next line I figured this would seem more consistent.

|{kib} space `All` privileges for the `Security` feature (visit
{kibana-ref}/xpack-spaces.html#spaces-control-user-access[Feature access based on user privileges])

|Manage rules
| N/A
a|The `manage`, `write`,`read`, and `view_index_metadata` index privileges for the for the following system indices where `<kib-space>` is the {kib} space name:

> * `.alerts-security.alerts-*`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `.alerts-security.alerts-<kib-space>`
```

* `.siem-signals-<kib-space>`
* `.lists-<kib-space>`
* `.items-<kib-space>`

> *NOTE*: If you upgrading to {stack} 8.0.0, it is recommended that users have privileges to the `.alerts-security.alerts-<kib-space>` AND `.siem-signals-*` index. If you are newly installing the {stack}, then users do not need privileges to the `.siem-signals-*` index.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*NOTE*: If you are upgrading to {stack} 8.0.0, users should have privileges for the `.alerts-security.alerts-<kib-space>` AND `.siem-signals-*` indices. If you are not upgrading from a previous version of the {stack}, then users do not need privileges to the `.siem-signals-*` index.
```

| {kib} space `All` privileges for the `Security` feature (visit
{kibana-ref}/xpack-spaces.html#spaces-control-user-access[Feature access based on user privileges])

*NOTE*: To manage rule connectors, your role will also need `All` privileges for the `Action and Connectors` feature (*Management* -> *Action and Connectors*).

|Manage alerts

**NOTE**: Allows you to manage alerts, but not modify rules.
|N/A
a|The `maintenance`, `write`,`read`, and `view_index_metadata` index privileges for the following system indices where `<kib-space>` is the {kib} space name:

* `.alerts-security.alerts-<kib-space>`
* `.internal.alerts-security.alerts-<kib-space>`
* `.siem-signals-<kib-space>`
* `.lists-<kib-space>`
* `.items-<kib-space>`

*NOTE*: If you upgrading to {stack} 8.0.0, it is recommended that users have privileges to the `.alerts-security.alerts-<kib-space>` AND `.siem-signals-*` index. If you are newly installing the {stack}, then users do not need privileges to the `.siem-signals-*` index.

> |{kib} space `All` privileges for the `Security` feature (visit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|{kib} space `Read` privileges for the `Security` feature (visit
```
To match with the `Note` above about `Allows you to manage alerts, but not modify rules.` this should be `Read` privileges.

|The `manage` privilege
a|The `manage`, `write`,`read`, and `view_index_metadata` index privileges for the following system indices:

* `.alerts-security.alerts-*`
* `.siem-signals-*`
* `.lists-*`
* `.items-*`

*Note*: As of {stack} version 8.0.0 and newer, the `.siem-signals-*` index has been renamed to `.alerts-security.alerts-*`. If you are upgrading to 8.0.0, it is recommended that users have privileges to both indices. If you are newly installing the {stack}, then you don't need privileges to the `.siem-signals-*` index.   

|{kib} space `All` privileges for the `Security` feature (see
{kibana-ref}/xpack-spaces.html#spaces-control-user-access[Feature access based on user privileges])

| Preview rules
|N/A
a| The `read` privilege to the `.preview.alerts-security.alerts-<kib-space>` index

> |kib} space `All` privileges for the `Security` feature (see

Reviewer 3: Missing opening brace for `{kib}`
```suggestion
|{kib} space `All` privileges for the `Security` feature (see
```

|The `manage` privilege
a|The `manage`, `write`,`read`, and `view_index_metadata` index privileges for the following system indices:

* `.alerts-security.alerts-*`
* `.siem-signals-*`
* `.lists-*`
* `.items-*`

> *Note*: As of {stack} version 8.0.0 and newer, the `.siem-signals-*` index has been renamed to `.alerts-security.alerts-*`. If you are upgrading to 8.0.0, it is recommended that users have privileges to both indices. If you are newly installing the {stack}, then you don't need privileges to the `.siem-signals-*` index.

Reviewer 3: This is currently only included in this particular row of the table, but it seems just as relevant to all the other rows where we've added the new index name. Maybe move it above the table to be a more global note?
